This lab is about Recursion.

Part 1
Question 1
Assume that Sarah purchases N apples on day 0. She eats either 2 or 3 apples each
day starting from day 1. Write a recursive program that checks if she can have k
apples at day a.

Question 2
In this question, you are going to help Mike Wazowski. He wants to download video
games but his computer has limited storage of N GB. Each game Gi takes up Ai GB
of space and has Bi Metacritic score. Metacritic score is between 0 and 100. A high
score signals high-quality games. Mike’s aim is to maximize the Metacritic score of

Part 2
Question 3
Carl Fredricksen is interested to solve the following problem while he is in his flying
house. Assume there are two words; A and B. He wants to know how to convert
word A to word B by only using the following operations a minimum number of times:
1. Add a new character to A
2. Remove character from A
3. Substitute character in A
Write a recursive program that, given A and B, calculates the smallest number of
operations Carl needs to do to convert A to B.
Example:
A = exclamation, B = excavation
exclamation -> excamation (remove l)
excamation -> excavation (replace m with v)
Minimum number of operations = 2

Question 4
Renowned scientific research company Aperture Science is trying to develop a portal
technology. Help them by extending the recursive definition of Maze traversal code
that we provided (MazeSearch.java and Maze.java by Lewis/Loftus) such that the
agent can jump between portals. Each portal has two sides. If the agent steps into
one side of the portal it will be teleported to the other side. That way, even if there is
no road between two locations, it can reach its destination by jumping between
portals. Note that there can be multiple portals. Also, the agent always starts from
the top-left corner and its destination is bottom-right corner. At the end of the day,
you should create a recursive program that traverses the Maze and tries to find if
reaching the destination is possible by jumping through portals and walking.